add(admin): add command to change the default page (#12431)
nextcloud/documentation: admin_manual/configuration_server/dashboard_configuration.rst

  occ config:app:set dashboard layout --value="files,activity,calendar"

Changing the default layout will not affect existing users that already have a custom layout stored.

> It's possible to replace the default dashboard with a custom app with the following command::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to replace the default app, which is the dashboard app, with a custom app with the following command:
```
